[Music]
Welcome to the OpenAI podcast where
we're live from OpenAI Dev Day. Here
sitting with me from school AI is Caleb
Hicks. Caleb, hello.
>> Hi. Thanks for having me. This will be
fun.
>> So Caleb, you're working on tools for
helping educators and helping people
basically in the classroom understand
progress of students.
>> That's right. Yeah. So, first off, what
was your reaction so far to Dev Day?
>> Uh, a ton of fun. I think makes it uh a
lot of things to be excited about that
help us build, but also help students
and teachers be more creative as well.
So, that'll be fun.
>> So, what have you been working on over
the last year? What has changed with AI
that's accelerated what you've been
doing?
>> Oo. Um, I think probably the biggest
advancement over the last year for us,
so we we uh put AI in students hands.
That's the main uh the main thing that
we focus on is safe managed uh AI that
can act as kind of one-time personal
tutors for students.
>> Mh.
>> And so probably the biggest change from
open AI has been model progression. I
think we get two advantages from that.
One is uh significant leaps in
intelligence
>> uh and the other one is uh you know
improvements in cost because we are
working with uh an industry that isn't
known for paying big dollars for
software. Uh it's been important for us
to be able to manage students using this
in a cost-ffective way. So those have
been the two areas that AI progression
has helped from our work. has been a lot
of uh orchestration which I'm sure we'll
talk about a little bit just just
getting different AI agents and models
to work together uh for the best outputs
for students in particular. So a couple
of the releases we saw today, one was
the agents SDK, you know, and you've
talked about that.
>> How much have one tools changed the
ability of one to work faster into the
scope of what you find is capable now?
>> Yeah, I think we're seeing teams across
industries work way faster and building
better software because they've got kind
of this always on expert hyper senior uh
engineer next to them that they're pair
programming with, right? And uh so we
see that with our teams as well and that
just allows us to to build better
software faster uh and get it in the
hands of teachers and students which is
what we're here to do.
>> What has been the biggest shift you've
seen in talking to educators or people
like that in regards to AI in general?
>> Yeah, great question. So every teacher,
school, and district is on a very
similar journey. It starts with
permission, right? Two and a half years
ago, it was everyone under the sun was
just banning AI altogether. Uh we've
we've moved past that into productivity
as teachers and and school leaders
realizing, hey, this helps me in my job.
>> Uh the leading schools are starting to
get into that that really important
spot, which is recognizing that every
student has to know how to use this
stuff. M
>> if you're going into if you're
graduating from high school and you're
competing for colleges or jobs and you
are don't know how to use AI yourself um
you're at a severe disadvantage. So um
most people are now orienting to like
yeah we have to teach this. Uh we think
there's a couple of special steps beyond
those two uh where where you get to
better support students. The AI tutor in
every kid's pocket, right? But we think
that is it's got to be classroom
connected. It's got to know what you're
doing in class and it's got to know um
you know where you're trying to go and
help you move that direction. Um, that
last step we get really excited about is
how you can put AI to work with
teachers, uh, families at home, school
leaders, kind of the system at large,
uh, to really make school awesome for
students.
>> Could you tell me a little bit about the
kind of stack you're using from both the
teacher facing, student facing, backend
or what you're working on in that
regard? Yeah, from from the product
side, we have kind of three different uh
parts of the product that the that
students, teachers, and school leaders
use. So, there's uh kind of just a a
pretty basic uh AI assistant, right? Um
the the the GPT rapper as they say,
right? Uh but but tuned to use cases in
schools. I think a big thing that we
felt like was really important is
teachers should never have to become
prompt engineers,
>> right?
>> Uh so
>> you know I was a prompt engineer.
>> Yes. Yeah. So so we do a lot of that uh
kind of extra orchestration
uh to we essentially enrich every prompt
that that a teacher writes to get better
output for them for their what they're
teaching uh their grade level all that
stuff. Um so there's there's that uh we
call that dot. It's fun little blue
animated character. Uh, and then we have
tools. It's a form. You fill it out and
it gives you an output, a lesson plan,
adapted reading content, uh, things like
that. Those we we like to call those the
101, like the the checkers level
features that kind of table stakes that
you've got to give to to teachers for
them to move from can I even allow this
to this is useful for me. Uh but the
special part is when you start uh doing
kind of these one-time guard railed safe
managed AI tutors that the teacher can
create
>> give to their students students are
interacting and then the teacher gets a
real time dashboard of how the students
are doing what they're doing with the AI
and uh to make that very concrete uh the
last 5 10 minutes of class a teacher may
give what's called an exit ticket to
their students Um, so they've got a
recording of everything that they did
during class that day and it loads up
and says like, "Hey, how did the content
go today?" And it does almost a what's
called a a formative quiz. It it asks
them questions and then it's coaching
them on the an on on what they learned,
what they want to learn, where they
might go next, tease them up for
whatever homework they might have. Um,
and then it will do just kind of an emot
kind of a social emotional check-in. and
it will say like, hey, how like how was
class? Um what feedback do you have for
the teacher? Uh what are what are you
looking for out of using this content?
And rolling all of that up to the
teacher so that they know how to better
support those students in the future. Um
a thing a lot of us don't recognize
about teachers is they might be working
with 300 students at a time.
>> I had 42 desks in my classroom.
>> So you started off as a teacher before
all this. That informed a lot what
you're doing.
>> Yeah. So, I had 42 desks in my classroom
and I was teaching seven or eight
periods a day.
>> Every day, teachers have to make this
impossible choice. Do I work with uh the
top 10% of students who love this? They
get it. They want more of it. They'd
stay after school if I let them. The 10%
of students that are really struggling,
maybe that's because they don't
understand it. Maybe it's a learning
disability. Maybe it's a problem at
home. Maybe they got bullied in the last
class.
Or everyone else.
And I care a lot about that. everyone
else that middle 80%
>> because I was one of those students and
most of us were definitionally and
we think about what we're building uh
and what we've been able to build with
with OpenAI and some of the tools that
were announced today will be able to do
even more of is uh give teachers almost
a GPS for impact
>> like these four students really need you
today
and you can jump in and support those
four students in a way that you maybe
wouldn't have even known that they had a
concern
>> that it brings up a very I think
interesting point when I talk to
developers often people confuse the
tools for the product and what you have
to do is you have to both understand the
needs of the educator that comes from
you working in the classroom and your
peers working at school and
understanding that and I think that's
the thing you're able to bring to it
where you look at this is a platform to
build on top of it and that's something
where you've identified all these areas
that you can bring into to specialize it
and make it very custom what you're
doing. Yeah, I think that's something
exciting we saw today in uh in the
announcements was uh opportunities for
uh people like me with subject matter
expertise with that that really know a
domain and we're able to build kind of
with
>> you all uh with OpenAI not just on top
of OpenAI which is which is uh a really
cool unlock for a lot of people.
>> What are you most excited about that you
saw today?
>> The agent builder for sure.
>> Agent builder. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. That looks like uh it could be a
lot of fun. And going back to when you
know you you know how it was when we
first started you had to just wire up a
lot of that yourself and code tools
certainly make that easier but just
being able to drag and drop think
something like file search the
permission structure seemed really well
thought out and particularly what you're
doing in a classroom situation where you
really have to have those safeguards in
there.
>> Yeah. uh we actually built our own and
have for a number of years and I think
we're excited to go and get our hands on
on it and see what do we get to
>> get rid of. Yeah. What do we get to uh
make even better now that we have access
to it ourselves?
>> Um or or from you all. I think that's uh
>> either way we're going to learn a lot
from working with it and and that makes
it easier for us to use but also again
bring it into the hands of these people
that aren't technical. They're not
developers. They're not they're not
thinking about, you know, which model
they're using, but they just want to get
their stuff done.
>> Yeah, I think that's a great point in
that the more you can have the people
who understand who your customer is, in
this case, students and teachers,
understand what that problem is, and
less time they're spending trying to
wire things up and run, you know, fast
API servers and stuff to do this. Seems
like it can make the product get a lot
better faster.
>> Absolutely.
>> What else have you been excited about
you've seen?
Um I think uh we've we've built some
similar things and in our product we
have this concept called powerups which
are basically apps that you can use with
dot our our character. I think we got to
see some good patterns and examples of
that today with the new apps that were
that were announced. And I think one of
the things we're really excited about is
these partners that we've been
developing uh that everyone is really
solidified around MCP servers as a way
to communicate with uh AI. And so um a
thing that will definitely benefit us is
OpenAI kind of drawing a line in the
sand saying we're doubling down on this.
Yeah. Uh and so now when we go to a
partner that's already building for
integration with Chad GBT, they can also
bring that directly into school AI again
for that safe managed guardrail
experience
>> um that uh that teachers and school
leaders are looking for.
>> Yeah. Yeah, one of the things I think
it's going to be helpful to and you
mentioned this before too is eval and
the ability that as you run these
systems and you run the models to be
able to know how well they're performing
because two or 3% may not seem like a
lot but can make all the difference
particularly with a student when you
have five million students using uh your
platform. Two to three% means a whole
ton of issues every day.
>> And it's one of those things it's often
every company I talk to knows it's
important. they want to do that, but to
have the the opportunity and the time to
spend building an eval suite to build
something in there is just often kind of
a thing they'll do in the future, but
having that built into a system seems
like a big
>> we kind of saw it today, right? I don't
have time to to do the eval.
>> Exactly. Well, yeah. So, they did an
eight minutes building an agent. Very
impressive. Yeah. Take 10 and do the
evals and that'll be fun.
>> Yeah. That's it's kind of exciting too
because for prototyping and spinning
things out because I think a lot of what
you're doing is probably going to be
experimental and trying things with
teachers to be able to sort of see if
these things work
>> and do you see that accelerating?
>> Yeah. So we um one one of the things we
do teachers when they're creating these
like custom AI tutors they they do them
lesson by lesson. It's like, hey, I'm
teaching about the water cycle and I'm
going to create this activity that's a
uh starts out as a tutor and then turns
into a game and then turns into a quiz.
Uh just being able to preview that
faster, but but almost having adaptive
evals in the moment is one of the things
that we've gotten into is
>> uh really the meta prompting. How do we
how do we not just tell the AI what to
do, but tell it how to do the thing that
it decides to do.
>> Right.
>> Right. Yeah. That's a it's a very
interesting space to be in where the AI
can help you build the prompt to tell it
what to do, but knowing where you're
going to start from has been super
helpful. Um, where can we look forward
to finding out more about School AI,
what you're working on?
>> Yeah. Uh, you can uh follow us on on X
uh get school AAI. You can check out
schoolai.com. Um, I think this is this
is a fun time of year with back to
school and seeing a ton of how how
teachers and students are building
>> um different uh different holiday stuff
that gets really fun when when teachers
are sharing with each other. So yeah, I
would say uh on uh on X uh or Instagram
or schooli.com.
>> Last question. Any advice you give to
developers about where to start with the
tools what you've played with so far?
Oh, I think um you can probably just
start in the in like the GBT builder for
most of the ideas that I hear is uh just
start with the GBT builder and then
expand from there. Um you've got uh you
know in the developer portal you've got
a ton of other tools to just start
playing. Um and then I think the the
agent builder that we saw today is going
to be another fun one to start
connecting the dots between all the
different tools.
>> Awesome. Thank you so much.
>> Yeah, thank you Caleb. Hope you enjoy
the rest of Dev Day. So, we're going to
be talking to a few other developers
about some of their different
experiences and I'm always fascinated to
see what it gets accelerated and how
they're able to focus when a new tool
comes out on really what is their core
thing they're working on. So, up next we
have Danny Grant who is with jam.dev
which is an in browser tool for helping
you evaluate your site and to figure out
basically how to improve it. Is that
correct?
>> I'm so happy to be here and actually
later today on stage we're going to
announce a brand new tool.
>> Oh boy. It lets any PM, designer,
marketer Oh, I'm a little short.
>> No, no, no. Micron's too tall. It's all
good.
>> I agree. Um, well, just like you just
did, it helps anyone fix what's broken
instantly without writing code. Um, it's
called please fix.
>> Okay. So, I would use just like my
website, go into it and say just please
fix or
>> Yeah, I mean like yesterday before this
tool was announced. Um, if you wanted to
change like some copy on your site or
like a like a button didn't look good or
missed a hover state, you'd have to
probably ask an engineer to do that for
you.
>> And the engineer,
>> nobody wants to do that. No.
>> Like, okay. And then they'd be like, can
you make a ticket? You like, okay. You
know, and then the the ticket gets
prioritized and then like maybe they get
to it.
>> I worked for a company. I won't name it
where we joked it was easier to release
a model than put up a blog post.
>> That's hilarious.
>> Yeah, we won't name it.
>> Um well, so so now as of today, what you
can do is while you're looking at your
site, you click on the please fix
browser extension and then it lets you
edit your site right there, like it's a
Google doc, like it's a Figma. And then
when you're ready and you like how it
looks, you just click submit and it
creates the PR for you. And it uses your
design system. So engineers like the
PRs. They're very clean. They're very
tight.
>> Very cool. What were you most excited
about? about what you saw today.
>> I mean, I think we just saw a new way to
browse the web. Like I think OpenAI
maybe just changed what we mean by the
web, what we mean by a browser. Like if
you think like web one is read, web two
is read, write. Okay, there's web three.
And then maybe this is like web four
like read write think. I think we just
saw a whole new way of experiencing the
web where it's a lot less mechanical and
it's a lot more stream of consciousness.
So you talk about the apps inside chat
GPT, right?
>> It's freaking cool.
>> Yeah, it is. It's it makes you think a
lot about when you're building
something, what the core functionality
is, like what the purpose of it is. Any
idea that if it's going to be presented
inside chat GPT and so watching the demo
where they interacted with with the
Zillow website and actually having to
have data about that and be able to
drill down into it and it's it's
exciting to think about the
possibilities there. And so I could see
for you all that seems like a pretty
interesting area because people as they
focus on usability, they're gonna want
to make sure those things work really
well.
>> Yeah. Like now when you build your
inside of chat GPT app, if you're the
PM, if you're the designer and you want
to tweak some things and make make the
app look a little nicer, you can just
use our browser extension, change it
from the chat GPT interface and make the
PR in GitHub. It's so cool. And I think,
you know, these tiny tweaks, they often
don't get prioritized today, but they
should because the difference between a
fine designed product and a
well-designed product is that the
well-designed product changes the world.
Like the iPhone changes the world
because it's usable. And there were
actually attempts before that that I
won't name that many people under the
age of 30 have never heard of um because
they just they didn't have that
attention to detail.
>> Have you seen your development process
change with tools that have coming out,
particularly AI tools? Yeah, I mean I
like I'm biased. We've been using
PleaseFix as we've been building
PleaseFix and it like even today our
pricing page changed dramatically
because a PM could just go in and test a
bunch of stuff without asking an
engineer. I think the thing I'm most
excited about is this idea that you can
move as fast as your entire creative
team altogether. Like no disruptions for
engineers. It's like people can move
without having to have bottlenecks on a
few people. So it seems kind of cool
because what you're talking about is the
idea that people who aren't specifically
engineer background are able to make
those changes and has that been
something you've seen basically within
your company the adoption of tools like
vibequ and stuff like this for people to
contribute and be able to come up with
ideas.
>> Yeah, it's really cool. Um when we we
talk to our users every day and some of
the stories we hear are awesome. Like
last week we talked to a user who's a
firefighter and building software for
firefighters. That's cool. um talked to
a user a couple weeks ago who um grew up
in the church system and is building
software for churches has no software
experience but is able to now make
something that's very impactful to their
community. I think that is awesome. I
think we are about to see the Cambrian
explosion of software the same way that
with the web there's the Cambrian
explosion of like news sources with you
know Substack and Twitter. I I think
this is about to happen for software and
it's I think it's one of the best things
for humanity.
>> So how do things work at jam.dev dev as
far as ideation, testing things with
customers, releasing, and then figuring
out what's best features and whatnot.
>> The only thing we care about is does
this deliver a wow for our users when
they use it. And so that's what we're
focused on. There's an emotional
response we want people to have when
they use our product because we work on
the worst part of software development.
Like I don't know anyone who is like
today I want to fix some bugs, right?
>> And so our job is just to make that
whole part of the software experience a
lot better. And so we're laser focused
on that. We're just constantly talking
to users. Every user that signs up from
Jam hears from a co-founder. Every user
who uses Jam hears from a PM. We are
just in constant contact.
>> When I worked at OpenAn, one of the most
exciting things, and it sounds
absolutely silly today was when we
watched GPD3 spit out a React button.
That was like, oh my gosh, I could do
that.
>> I remember that. I I don't remember it
inside, but I remember from the outside.
I remember seeing demos of that being
like, the world just changed. That was
that was the threshold for us being
impressed was literally like four lines
of code and to be able to oh that's
really cool it can do that. What has
been a big aha moment for you?
>> I think look it's it's it's similar to
what you're saying but when you think of
what you just described coupled with
what was just announced with the apps
SDK. You can imagine that in the future
yes humans are going to be building a
lot of apps that are shown dynamically
as they browse the web. But also I think
that agents will dynamically build apps
for you as you browse the web and that
opens up a whole world of possibilities
because you can have dynamic software
right there. Like imagine inside of an
organization right now if a PM wants to
see how a product is doing they have to
build a dashboard and it's a lot faster
to do that today than even six months
ago.
>> But imagine the PM needs a dashboard and
they're in chat GBT and chatgbt just
gives it to them and no human had to do
that. It means that there are two types
of software. There's sort of long-term
software that humans are going to work
on. They're going to like really
fine-tune, make it great, like Zillow,
Canva, and then there's going to be sort
of disposable one-time use software that
an agent can just whip up. And that is
just freaking cool.
>> Yeah, it's it's a thing where, you know,
as a developer, you're used to sometimes
spinning up a tool one time to use that
and then you're done with it. But it's
another thing to think about that could
be a new modality. You know, we get kind
of fixated in sort of like the app store
sort of idea. And I think that there's
going to be, like you said, long-term
stuff that you deploy inside a chat GPT,
but then the ability for somebody just
to spin up a thing they're only going to
use once and that's the end of it.
>> Yeah.
>> And have you seen as far as things that
sort of start off as hobby projects or
things like that or maybe inside
jam.dev, people said, "Hey, I have this
idea. I wanted to solve for this thing,
maybe even something from finance or
comms or something that's turned out to
be something useful."
>> Yesterday we were um at the rehearsal
for our 10x codebase session. It's four
startups. We're all demoing and we're
just sitting around kind of backstage
talking and we're like, "Oh, how did you
start your startup?" And almost
everyone, three out of four, I'm the
only one um where their startup started
as an internal tool at their company
that they needed and actually these
startups pivoted to the internal tool
because they found it so tremendously
valuable to how they build software.
>> What's you know how Slack got it start
and other companies? It's a very
interesting thing where the thing you
spend the most time on is often the
thing that's going to be the best
product. And you know, one of the things
they talked about OpenAI on here today
was like how 70% of the codes coming
from, you know, the PRs are coming from,
you know, generated by codeex. And it's
a very interesting thing to see when a
company's using their own tool to build
the tool, it seems to iterate much
faster.
>> It's actually so funny because if you
listen to standard startup advice, like
what would Paul Paul Graham tell you?
It's hey, don't optimize the internal
processes. Like just do things that
don't scale. do them poorly. But
actually, it's when you take a lot of
care in your own processes that you can
develop these products that can be their
own companies and can help a lot of
people.
>> Okay. It might be that that is going to
be the advantage is how quickly
internally you make something because I
think you're going to see a leveling
effect with tools like the agent kit and
everything else because it's going to be
probably having a big technical bench
isn't going to matter as much as having
good product depth or understanding of
your customer.
>> Yeah. At the end of the day, a human has
to use the software. And if a human has
to use it, it has to be easy for the
human to use it. And I do think design
still today and maybe forever makes or
breaks a difference.
>> So you use jam.dev on the jam.dev site.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And if you want to see
what's brand new, go to jam.devfix.
>> Okay. How often do you guys making
updates on your own site?
>> Um, right now we have an
>> You did your pricing page. You did that.
So yeah,
>> too often. Is it become does that become
sort of thing like well if it's so easy
to change it you know
>> we just added dark mode we added pricing
page uh we do copy updates yeah now it's
too easy
>> is there going to be like a please fix
wait you know
>> oh please fix with a polite delay
>> yeah or like maybe think about this like
you know
>> yeah we should add as a feature for
engineers that if you made too many
changes it like arbitrarily waits a few
days and then asks for a change again
>> do you really want this yeah
>> what are you looking forward to what
kind of tools would you like to see that
don't exist yet.
>> Um I well I was I was talking to the
engineers sitting around me during the
keynote
>> and they were really excited about the
optimizer and the evals as part of the
agent kit
>> and um and what they wanted to see was
well like what if the eval could be
written automatically for you using your
own data and then use that to
automatically optimize your prompt. So
rather than people sort of sweating the
details about these agents, what if the
agents could improve themselves? And I
think if we had that at Jim, like we
could move a lot faster and we can make
a lot more powerful software a lot
sooner.
>> Uh what advice do you have to founders
or developers right now?
>> It's it's never been a more fun time to
build. I think we all just get to enjoy
it.
>> So how did you figure out that this your
team wanted to work on with jam.dev? How
did you decide this was the problem you
wanted to solve?
>> When uh my co-founder and I were product
managers together at Cloudflare, we we
worked on the fastest moving team in the
company. It's this sort of skunk works
team that would try to do big new
things. It's the team that shipped
Cloudflare workers um their cloud
compute platform. It shipped 1.1.1.1
which now fields a trillion DNS queries
a month. Um and it was just trying to
move fast on this team that we realized
a lot of the frustrations and
bottlenecks come from just reproducing
issues and there's no tooling out there
and no user, no PM, no one in sales
knows how to communicate to an engineer
what the engineer needs to know. And
we're like, we can't believe that
there's no way to help the engineer get
things done faster. We're spending all
this like great brain time on
communicating bugs and hopping in calls
and screen sharing and and not enough on
fixing them. And we thought that that
that we can solve.
>> It seems uh like a lot of things sort of
in front of you as far as what you can
do. How do you decide what you're going
to do next?
>> Okay. I think I think there's something
that we undertalk about in like startup
world which is if if your startup works
up works out to your wildest dreams
you're going to work on it for like 10
years
>> and that's a really long time and so you
better just love the problem because
that makes it really really fun and so I
think you work on the thing where if you
get to wake up every day work on it and
talk to users of the thing you're going
to be pretty darn happy about that.
>> That's pretty awesome. Uh how can people
get started at jam.dev
>> jam.dev dev/pleasfix and we'll please
fix some code for you.
>> Awesome. Thank you so much.
>> Thank you.
>> Uh
so it's interesting to see what each
kind of developer what they're looking
forward to, what kind of excites them as
far as that. A lot of that's based upon
what they've been working on. I know a
lot of devs have to build a lot of
internal tooling and when you can solve
for that with an SDK, it makes your life
a lot easier because you can focus on
the thing you want to work with. Up next
we have Zach Lipton who is with a
bridge. How you doing Zach?
>> Not too bad. How you doing?
>> Fantastic. So a bridge you're working on
tools for helping the medical community
people doing like transcription and that
kind of area. Is that how you
>> API platform for doctor patient
conversations? Like if we were to like
rewind to like the state of affairs, you
know, uh post adoption of electronic
health records but pre-ambient
listening. um doctors were spending
about two hours doing paperwork for
every one hour of direct patient care.
So it was this kind of like clerical uh
burden crisis. Um and it was pulling it
was a situation where technology was
pulling doctors away from patients
rather than bringing them closer.
>> Um what we do is we provide this
platform that helps kind of gives
doctors superpowers, helps them with
their paperwork, does all the
note-taking in the background, preps
them everything. that all these kind of
documentation artifacts are ready for
them the moment the visit's over in
exactly the form they need so they can
be fully present with the patient
instead of spending all their time
staring at the computer.
>> What kind of metrics do you have so far
as far as like time saved for doctors?
>> Sure. Interesting story um and a
difficult to track down in part because
there's a time that doctors spend uh
documenting during the day but the
reality of the status quo before was
that most doctors actually didn't finish
their notes during the workday. So, they
were home after hours logging into the
EHR and doing what we called um pajama
time. They're basically sitting there
like pulled away from dinner with their
families or logged in after hours, you
know, sitting in sitting in bed
finishing up their notes. Um our report,
so we we we cobble together this
information from a bunch of different
sources, but we see doctors saving as
much as an hour or more a day. Um we
see, you know, doctors some doctors
seeing like 10 15 patients in a day.
we're talking about like you know 5 to
10 minutes often in note takingaking. So
it's a it's a tremendous um
>> kind of relief but even beyond the um
actual time saves oftentimes there's an
even larger sort of like perception of
burden lift and that's because the
doctor's worrying about less and able to
focus on their patient.
>> Yeah. I mean that's great because like
you you know look at with an hour a day
is either an hour they can spend with
patients or just not have burnout and
you know have more focus on that. You
know that's we talk to before school.ai
AI and looking at how they're basically
able to help teachers spend more time in
the classroom with students and that's
the same problem you're dealing with
here. How can doctors be there for
students or student patients and also
>> yeah well so we have a channel in Slack
and it's what we call love stories and
it's where we hear like uh kind of like
all the feedback from the field from
doctors and one of the one of the wild
indicators that like we had landed on
something big and this is relatively
early um maybe like a couple months
after we launched the first like
enterprise pilot at a hospital system
was when we started getting stories
coming in and they weren't just talking
about the clinical experience but they
were talking about like uh I I spent and
uh actually got to have dinner with my
family every night this week for the
first time in like 10 years or like a
bridge is saving my marriage and that
was that was not like where I was
expecting things to land so quickly but
uh you know that the problem is that
big.
>> What did you see today dev day that has
you excited?
>> Oh um so many things but maybe like two
that are top of mind. Um one a lot of
people have already talked about the
agent developer kit
>> and I think that's extremely exciting.
There's this moment right now where I
think everyone it's sort of a proto
discipline. So everyone's been rolling
their own tools in the hope of like kind
of trying to figure out like what is the
paradigm? How does this work? And
there's so many things that have to work
together. Um there's the context
engineering, there's the prototyping,
there's a sanenity checking, um there's
evaluation, there's also down the road,
you know, everything around production
and monitoring. So, I'm really excited
to see where these tools um ultimately
go, but seeing OpenAI like take a strong
position and put a a kind of
comprehensive offering that brings
together a lot of these things that you
know people have been rolling their own
orchestration tools, their own
evaluation platforms, we certainly have
um and seeing how much how much this is
going to create a common platform and
allow us to sort of lift off and focus
more on the content um is something I'm
super excited about. Um, and then in
general, I've just been extremely
excited and drawn a lot of inspiration
from all the work that's gone on in
terms of software developer tooling. And
so, we are we are developing AI powered
products for our customers, but we're
also big consumers as uh, you know,
productivity tools like codeex um, um,
play a big role for us and just seeing
how far we've come there. I mean, I
remember um, so my background is
academia. I was AI researcher. I am an
researcher, a professor at Carnegie
Melon and I did my PhD back in uh 2010s
and I remember when Ilia had a paper,
Iliach had a paper called learning to
execute and it was just having like you
know the idea was like code going in and
like a model kind of anticipating output
was like such a the fact that the model
is doing anything at all in the space of
code was kind of revolutionary. and to
to see where we are now going from like
maybe two years ago having our minds
blown by just code completion and right
now seeing these like larger like full
codebased refactors taking place um you
know it's it's kind of amazing to see
the progress in the space and um I've
been excited to to follow along. So when
you work in medical it's a very high
stakes area and so that's got to be
something you think a lot about about
how you deal with hallucination and also
how you deal with customer concerns
about these things
>> 100%.
>> So what do you look forward to in tools?
What have you seen the biggest help in
that area?
>> Um that's an area where we've had to
develop a lot of our own technology. Um
>> you know what is a hallucination? It's
kind of like like back in the old days
of like developing simple classifiers.
We had we had false negatives and false
positives and now kind of like
everything that's like if it's there and
you don't want it, it's a hallucination.
And the question is, well, what is a
hallucination? Sometimes it's
>> completely confabulated information that
is asserting facts about the world that
are not real. But in the context of
medical note-taking, medical
documentation,
order placement, um it's there there's a
kind of particular situated notion of
what we really mean. It's something
that's sort of unlicensed, you know, by
the sort of surrounding context, the
substantiating evidence, even if it
might be true, you know, if uh if a
doctor doesn't um if a kind of
explanation of a disease like shows up
in a generated patientf facing summary
that the doctor never said.
>> Yeah. you know, that's that's kind of
like even if some of the information
might be like either correct or
plausible, like that's not within our so
we have a kind of bespoke notion of what
constitutes a hallucination.
>> Um, but we able to like kind of
>> often draw a lot of inspiration from
what can like the frontier models
already do out of the box. If we define
our ontology of like these are the types
of of errors we're concerned with, then
we can go and say what is the ability of
an out-of-the-box model given like each
each documentation sort of sentence
allocart to correctly designate them as
belonging to the right category. And we
find okay, we're already within the
realm of like the model is able to judge
even if even if it's not able to sort of
never commit the crime in the first
place, it's able to recognize when the
crime's been committed. That gives us a
sort of like proof of concept and now
what we need to do is make it better,
more accurate, cheaper, faster. So
ultimately create our own special
purpose models that are able to take in
parallel every single sentence in all
the generated documentation and
surrounding artifacts and process for
each one like sort of does it contain an
error of of a unacceptable variety like
of of what kind and then a kind of
pipeline downstream for remediating. and
we're able to do that um with about 97%
recall at this point.
>> So, do you have any advice for people
who are trying to work on basically
developing their own evals for
hallucination or just sort of a good
starting point? I
>> I think it all starts with getting
really crisp about what you really mean.
And I think that's what we've seen
before is that what is a hallucination
for us is a little bit different from
what is a hallucination for like a
general um sort of like open world QA
system. Mhm. So is there kind of like a
uh boundary at which you keep expanding?
For instance, you talk about medical
say, okay, we feel maybe working in
scribing right now is is an area that we
can probably solve for and produce a
pretty good product that's at or better
than human level. Then do you look at
like there's areas in which you would
expand out to as you feel more
confident?
>> Absolutely. So for us, um, we've always
bristled a little bit when, you know,
like VCs put up this chart and they're
like, "These guys over here are the the
conversation agents and these guys here
do are the coding startups and these
guys are the scribing companies." And we
we've never liked getting pigeonholed as
a scribing company. That's because from
the very outset
>> um the central thesis wasn't just about
scribbing. The central thesis was sort
of
>> um about medical conversations about
this being this moment where um you know
this is this is this magical spot. It's
these 15 minutes that the patient waited
maybe six months for are where the
patient tells their entire story where
the doctor goes through their entire
reasoning process and within minutes
after it's over the patient's forgotten
80% of what happened the doctor is like
you know hours behind on their
note-taking and so for us we've had this
feeling that you know and we I've also
like as an academic been working in
actually applications in healthcare is
like my kind of passion area for about a
decade and I've been watching so many
interesting machine learning ideas get
developed as a proof of concept only to
only to kind of sit on the floor and not
get used. And so what we realized that
the conversation was was this weigh in.
It was this important arena where it was
in some ways it's the most important
moment in the entire experience of
healthcare and sort of no one was
providing value in that moment. And
scribing we already knew was going to be
a killer application because you know it
was never going to scale. human scribing
was never going to scale to all doctors.
But those who could afford it were
willing to pay tens of thousands of
dollars per doctor per year to have a
sort of like offshore scribe. And so
that already kind of told us like there
was this clamor for it. There was this
need for it, but we could get in. But
now that we're in um I I I'd view like
take this broader view of like what what
is like the entire picture rather than
sort of being like we're we're quietly
in the background just like minding our
own business and then at the very end of
the visit, boom, the magic happens. We
don't want to go so far in the other
direction that we become interruptive.
But from a p perspective of just sort of
like how do we support a doctor for the
entirety of the visit from sort of their
pre-charting experience, you know,
before the patient even comes in the
room through sort of every kind of cue
or nudge that they might need during the
visit to help them make the best
possible decisions, help them uh tick
all the boxes to make sure that like
insurance is going to preapprove the
particular test or treatment that
they're going to do. So patient end
doesn't end up wait wasting like uh you
know a month waiting for care. Um, so we
kind of like zoom out. we kind of see
like this space of the conversation like
the point of care is like now that we
have ears in the visit and now that you
have a sort of AI workforce to sort of
do your bidding um what what are all
these other jobs to be done that could
be addressed in the moment and that
includes everything from from from the
sort of previsit experience through to
real-time clinical decision support
through all the kind of um anticipating
and getting in front of all of the uh
sort of like financial related ated
documentation that needs to be done to
ensure that that the doctor gets paid
and that the patient gets their care in
a timely fashion.
>> Yeah. You know, on one end you have
people working on, you know, the AI
scientists and tools and trying to solve
frontier problems. I've talked to other
people who have told me that if you can
have better intake in hospitals, you
might be able to get rid of hepatitis
that there's some very lowhanging fruits
there. And is that something you've
looked into or you sort of see a lot of
opportunity there?
>> Absolutely.
>> Any particular area you'd like to see
the tools get better sooner at? Oh. Um,
so many. Uh, I'd say on a personal note,
they're not very funny yet.
>> Okay.
>> So, I don't know if you've had this
experience at Chat DVT that it's, uh,
it's far better at like solving hard
math problems than it is making a joke.
>> Uh, Sora though is very good at jokes. I
don't know if you, you know, tried that
yet, but
>> yeah. Um I think there's a tremendous
amount of work that one still has to do
to like um crisply define every single
task for the model. And I think that
like just how high models can come and I
think you know like they're when it
comes to like a crisply defined
technical task they're they've gotten
very high in the abstraction chain about
breaking it down. Um but I think when
you get outside the you know and start
like addressing problems at like
interacting with the system kind of like
tackling the like the the the more like
world problem you're you're discussing
you find that like you kind of have to
do all the driving and the system is a
little bit more of a it's an information
retrieval system. It is it is the
world's knowledge at your fingertips but
it is not kind of connecting dots at a
more abstract level. And so I think you
know in the in the coming you know
months and years I'm excited to see uh
to what extent does a model go from um
more technical problem solver to uh a
more independent interlocutor and the
like normative side of problem solving.
>> Going back how did you all decide this
was the space you wanted to start with?
>> Um you know I think we saw a few trends
that were happening all at once. um at
once like my research background was in
deep learning um and any one given
approach we kept running into a little
plateaus here and there but if you zoom
back and like look at the arc from 2012
through to you know maybe 2018 19 when
the company was founded you saw there
was there was a there was a a path of
advances in speech recognition and path
and advances in natural language
processing that was you know preceding
if anything accelerating
And simultaneously
um there was a crisis around physician
burnout that maybe in 2018 wasn't the
like number one burning priority on the
minds of like CMIOS and like hospital
system CFOs across the country but it
was you know it might have been number
five on their priorities and it was like
rising up the charts and so we kind of
knew there was this coming crisis of
like doctors were burning out they were
spending more and more time on
documentation
They were dropping out of med school.
They were graduating med school with no
intention to practice medicine, leaving
to join to join tech companies, to join
pharma, but to do anything but practice.
Um, and so there was a turn problem or
attention problem. And at the same time,
like we we we kind of knew that there
was like the the right family of tools
were coming into fruition
simultaneously.
Um and you know for us uh I think me
coming from um I was saying before this
kind of academic perspective having you
know a lot of us before had maybe
operated in the machine learning for
healthcare community a little bit on
like
>> what feels like a cool or important
predictive problem but without maybe
connecting all the dots when it came to
like what were the priorities of the
health system, what were the pain points
of the health system, what were really
like the choke points in
maybe coming a little bit more from like
what seems like an interesting clinical
predictive problem. And I think at that
moment we had a little bit of flash of
insight that you know we didn't know if
our timing would be right. Keep in mind
that in 2018 like the typical like
context length for a language model was
maybe
>> I don't know 256 words and these
conversations are like 4 to 8,000 words
like a median. Um but uh I think we just
saw a lot of those convergence of like a
few trends that that all spell that
there was there there was this real
opportunity to um to save time for
doctors and ultimately hopefully you
know um save money and also save lives.
So in an area like medicine which is
very high stakes what advice do you have
for developers that are trying to build
trust with their product because as you
know probably better at anybody that
there's been kind of a a road of broken
promises of people who were very
frustrated by you know oh this is going
to do this this didn't work and when you
come in with something that says hey it
really works how do you win them over
um
I think it's uh it's it's it's a
neverending I I think trust is trust is
earned every single day. Trust is
earned. I mean there's
>> there's like the initial trust of like
we've been talking about this vision for
a long time and then we actually built
the product and got it to work. But
there's also the trust that's built
through, you know, um, working with
hospital systems is kind of like a
hightouch like white glove enterprise.
And I think you know through continued
um delivery on everything from like our
product commitments, our data security
commitments, um you know the the kind of
service we give people um the the
continued fulfillment of of of every
kind of promise and like continue to
expand and serve not just you know
initially maybe more primary care
ambulatory now emergency inpatient
nursing stakeholders. I think this this
trust kind of acrus through this um
continued delivery of everything from
like the product through the experience
of the the medical teams that are
working with us in partnership over the
course of now we're talking about you
know many years.
>> Awesome. Well, thank you very much. I
appreciate it, Zach. And it's a bridge.
People want to find out more. It sounds
like a very exciting space to see where
you guys are headed.
>> Yeah. Thanks for having me.
>> Enjoy the rest of Dev Day.
>> See you.
It's interesting to see where you have
companies that are dealing with very
high stake stuff like medical or
education and a lot of it is the trust
building. It's not a thing where you
just pop out with a product and you say,
"Hey, we're ready. We're done." You can
see from the examples here between Danny
and Zach and how they have to basically
and um Caleb of basically just trying to
sort of show the customers one step at a
time, iterate on the product, improve
it. And here to talk to us about tools
for helping work on this is Lee Robinson
from Curser. How you doing? I'm doing
well. Thanks for having me.
>> Lee, it is great to have you here. Uh,
so cursor, um, I probably have about
three cursor windows open right now on
my computer that I'm thinking about
right now. Uh, it has been an incredible
product evolution for you all here. And
just a little backstory, I was at open
eye when we worked on the earliest
version of codecs and code completions.
>> Mh.
>> And I kind of naively thought that, oh
well, I just ask, you know, GPT3 at the
3.5 at this time or the codeex model or
Da Vinci Code, whatever, and say just
complete it and it's done and I got my
code. I'm like, that's it. Code is
solved with AI and we're done.
>> Yep. Turned out that's not the case.
Yeah, it turns out there's a lot that
goes into it, especially from maybe
simple text autocomplete, but to where
we're at now with fully autonomous
coding agents who can self-correct and
fix their own errors and pull in
information from the outside world. And
it's wild how much better the coding
with AI space has gotten just in the
past year, I would say.
>> And it's a tool very much what I
appreciate is the fact that you guys are
using cursor to make cursor better.
>> Definitely. Yeah. One part of our
culture that I think helps us produce a
better product is not only of course dog
fooding how we build cursor by all of
our engineering teams, all of our design
teams, product management teams using
the product and using cursor agent to
build the actual experience and for
every part of their daily work
>> but then it allows us to give not only
hard evals and you know feels on how a
model works but just what it what it
feels like every day to use the product.
You know sometimes the feedback is this
just didn't feel right. I don't know
what it was with this model experience,
but we we need to tweak this a little
bit here. And that is actually just as
valuable as, you know, an eval that
shows that maybe we need to tweak this
number one a little bit. So the vibes
are the vibes are important, too.
>> How do things work internally as far as
adding feature? I imagine when you're a
company filled with developers, building
a tool for developers, there's a lot of
suggestions on what you should be doing,
but how do you prioritize? Yeah, I think
across the entire company, anyone has
the ability to contribute features and
we kind of measure if a feature gets
product market fit internally. So people
make changes, they push them to main and
they see if it gets adoption. They kind
of push it out to company Slack and say,
"Hey, we built this feature. Um, here's
what it's good for. We'd love for you to
try it out." We've even seen people
incentivize with bagels and other
pastries to get people to try out the
feature. and they get a lot of feedback
internally on if it's good, where they
should change. We also have weekly demo
sessions where people show off the cool
things that they're working on. And some
features don't work out and we end up
removing them. And others like really
take off like people have been wanting
this for a while. We build it
internally. All of a sudden there's we
look at metrics and we see how many
internal devs are actually adopting the
feature and what the churn rate is. And
if it reaches a certain threshold, we
have the conversation maybe we should
actually release this externally. So
then we go through kind of a series of
steps where starts internal then maybe
rolls out to some of our ambassadors
rolls out to some of the people who opt
into our nightly channel which is like
you know releases all the time and then
eventually there's the path towards
getting it out to everybody. So one of
the challenges in AI now is evaluating
models and we can put something into one
of the the eval one of the benches or
whatever but say oh it performs this
well but it's entirely different when
you put it inside of an IDE and you have
to basically put a harness around it
>> right
>> so how much time do you all have to
spend really evaluating these things to
really figure out if this is going to be
a good fit or not
>> yeah quite a bit I mean one of the
things that you know we love working
with open AI on is getting access to
integrate the model early work with your
team on tweaking the prompts getting the
harness updated as newer model comes
out. I know we spent a lot of time on
this with GPT5 to actually we're able to
delete some of our system prompt where
as the models get better, you don't have
to be as precise with the instructions
that you're giving it and the tools are
getting better too. So we we spend a lot
of time not only dog fooding and just
trying it for a bunch of tasks
internally, but also having many of the
engineers internally all try to build
new features on the core product
experience with new models as they come
out. So then you get a good range of,
you know, maybe smaller tasks, but also
real tricky engineering problems, like
real gnarly bugs in a very large
codebase.
>> Yeah, it's interesting in that um a
couple years ago, people sort of
wondered like what was going to happen
in the model space. Was everything going
to be using big foundational models,
whatever. But you guys have sort of an
all the above. You're using you can have
I can use if I want I can choose variety
of different models in there. I can use
codecs, whatever inside of there. But
also you guys like training your own
models for the smaller for like tab
completions. Yeah, it's been an
interesting journey to watch. The first
versions of cursor were really focused
just on code autocomp completion and it
was predicting the next line or maybe
the next action. And now we kind of
moved from a world of using an
off-the-shelf model to training our own
model for autocomplete to now we do
online reinforcement learning where we
can actually roll updates every 30
minutes to the model which is pretty
amazing just based on the signals we get
back from developers whether they're
accepting or rejecting changes that the
autocomplete um suggests. And that's
been really helpful where you can have
both these really focused and
intentional models for very specific
parts of tasks in coding. And then as
you all make better models, these
foundational models, we can integrate
them and make that experience really
great too. I'm seeing more and more of
my friends who never even thought about
coding start off with writing something
maybe in canvas inside of chat GBT and
then all of a sudden go, "Oh, how would
I deploy this?" And then they go try
cursor and try to do this. And how much
have you seen the demographic of the
people using your tools change?
>> Yeah, first and foremost because we dog
food cursor to build cursor like we're
always building for the professional
software engineer and we're trying to
make that experience really great. But
as a side effect of making the product
easier and more accessible for
engineers, it kind of welcomes in this
whole new generation of people who maybe
were on the fringes of coding or had
tried coding in the past and now it's
it's much more accessible for them to do
that. So, a lot more product managers, a
lot more designers, uh, our support team
uses cursor quite a bit. And as more of
these people have came in and started to
use the product, it's allowed us to
change actually some of the core
features we're building. So, one of the
things that we're releasing right now is
a new view of viewing the cursor
experience where it's less like a
traditional code editor and it's more
about working with the agents. Because
for a lot of people who haven't coded
before, you open up an IDE and you're
like, what am I looking at?
>> All this stuff.
>> There's like all this file tree on the
left is very overwhelming for people who
are just getting started versus opening
up something that looks closer to a
chatbt. You're like, okay, I know this
experience. I've got my agents on the
left. I can type into my input text box.
And so far, we've seen this really
resonate with that type of persona where
they're graduating into becoming a
developer. I went from somebody who was
first copy pasting before we even had
chat GBT from the playground or whatever
building some simple little custom tools
to then using IDE and like in case of
this case using cursor and using tab
completions and now really just sitting
down and saying I just need to write a
really good agents.mmd or really
description. Have you seen those
patterns shift you know? Yeah, I think
as people get more advanced with working
with coding agents, they really start to
realize that high quality context in is
going to give you much higher quality
responses from the models. And we can
build a lot of this into the core
product itself. But some of it require
just it depends on your use case of what
you're trying to build the system
requirements and a lot of this stuff
gets put into an agent. MD file or gets
put into newer features we have like
planning. So you can actually work
through a plan mode, go back and forth
with the agent to do some research on
what you're trying to build and it can
search your codebase and kind of help
paint a picture and then when you're
handing it off to the model to do
coding, it's already got all of this
amazing input context and the quality of
the code generated is just significantly
better at that point. So we've seen that
be very helpful too.
>> What would you advise for best practices
for general just adopting cursor
>> starting there? Yeah.
>> Yeah. I think that for people who are
completely fresh to using cursor and
we'll start with more of the
professional engineer use case then we
can talk about others but for
professional engineers I think what we
see for most people is their on-ramp is
they start using the editor just like
they would traditional editors or idees
where mostly they're using tab and
they're doing their normal coding and
they're still getting AI suggestions as
they ride along and they're using agent
to somewhat augment that experience but
they're not coding maybe agent first
>> but I think slowly Over time, as the
models get better and the tools get
better, they're graduating then into
what would it look like if I can hand
off more gnarly task to the agents to
maybe run in the background or go
refactor some part of the codebase. So,
I usually recommend that progression for
professional engineers. It's kind of the
inverse for those who are not
professional engineers because it's very
hard for them to drop into code and then
know, okay, this is JavaScript. Oh,
actually, this is Typescript and this is
what a type is and this is what all
these fancy words mean. It's much easier
for them to take the other approach
where they start with the agent view.
>> They talk to the agent in natural
language and the agent outputs code and
then they can ask the agent what does
that mean? What is a const versus a let
you know what do these things mean? And
you know or something in Python for
example. So generally that's what I
recommend.
>> Where do you think this is going to be
headed? We're we're five years in to
GPD3. You know, the first time I
mentioned it earlier was that, you know,
seeing somebody make a react button was
exciting. Yeah. And here we are now
where you have an entire codebase going
through they're doing this. Where's it
going to be five years from now?
>> There's still so much of software
engineering, not coding, but software
engineering, the professional job that
is a lot of mundane, repetitive tasks
that engineers are not excited by.
>> There's being on call and having to go
through the fire hose of data to figure
out how to solve an issue. There's
managing all of the incoming bugs that
users are reporting and trying to figure
out the right ones to work on and then
actually getting them addressed. There's
so much more that goes into how the
actual software gets packaged and
delivered and shipped than just
producing code. And I think the next,
let's call it year to two years.
Hopefully, there will be a lot better
solutions across the industry for making
that part of software engineering
easier. Like I imagine a world where you
wake up in the morning and you're able
to review code that's already been
tested, generated. You had customers
report issues and they actually got
fixed overnight and you could just
review the output. Yes, this looks okay.
It passes all of our tests except in
merge. And a world where maybe on call
isn't as painful and maybe code reviews
are actually fun to use. You know, I I
think we can get there faster than what
people might expect. in I think both in
exploring things just working with
models directly and then the products
around them getting better.
>> What surprised you the most? What has
been your big aha moment
>> in working with cursor
>> in cursor? Anything?
>> Yeah, I think for me it is incredible
how when you're in the San Francisco
tech world, it seems like everyone's
coding with AI, right? Like everyone's
using these tools and then you talk to
people around the world and you realize
we're still so early. We are so early. I
mean 5 years in from that first React
component generated and for a lot of
people this is still you know this year
is the first time they're really coding
with AI. So for the long tale of the
industry and then the next however many
million of people who become developers
it's never been a better time to
actually start learning how to code in
general but then also how to use AI to
write code and review code. I was at a
at a college campus bar. I won't name
the campus and this was last semester
and I asked the students in the CS
program. Um, what are they teaching you
about agent coding? What are they
teaching about about AI code completion?
Nothing.
>> Nothing. Nothing. Not even not even a
one-day class on it. And and it was
weird because like I get learn the
fundamentals. If you understand, you
know, a deeper understanding of Python,
these other languages, you're going to
really be excellent this stuff.
>> Absolutely.
>> But there was none of that.
>> Yeah. The education system is going to
have to change a bit specifically around
coding because it's evolving so fast.
It's being speedrun and you 100% need to
learn the foundations of CS. That's how
you're going to have a successful career
as a software engineer, but you need to
know the new tools that are changing at
this point. Every few months, they're
just getting better and better and
better. So, this is one of the things I
work on full-time at Kurser is teaching
developers and putting out educational
material. So, we just put out a course
teaching devs and hopefully new devs a
lot of these fundamentals. What What is
context? What are tokens? What's a
what's a context window? Like, for a lot
of people, this is, you know, gibberish.
They don't know what this means yet.
>> Yeah. It's it's still it took me as an
aside, though, because it was just
thinking about, you know, students
coming out are going to want to go work
in companies and the companies that are
moving really fast,
>> you know, are the ones where you
understand that. And you know my friends
who were brilliant computer scientists
who understand it really deeply who are
using these things get the best of both
worlds. They understand deeply how the
stuff works but they also understand how
to apply this.
>> Yeah.
>> So you know whatever we can do to
encourage more of that I think in
education would be great.
>> Well just like how Chad GBD has the
learn mode built in. I would love like
this is a side project maybe but I
really want to build this into cursor.
That would be amazing. Like I want
engineers, especially those just getting
started, maybe a freshman in college, to
be able to use the tool and learn as
they're building because for me
personally, I think for most people who
write code, applied application use of
coding is actually how I learn the best.
Like I can't just read all of the CS
textbooks. I actually need to build
something with the data structures or
algorithms. It's like, oh, then it
clicks. So if we can build more of that
into the core product experience, I
think that would be really helpful.
>> Yeah. two of my close friends who were
never coders, their first introduction
after playing around chat GPT was to go
into cursor and to learn inside of there
and also understand that you know once
you even using it as is right now having
something that can explain to you what a
server does, how to run it locally and
do that is amazing lift and it seems
like that would be kind of a really you
know great addition to it. Do you feel
like we're going to see kind of the vibe
coding error sort of just evolve into
where we just call it coding?
>> Yeah, probably. I think one of the
things with vibe coding that's
interesting is certain words just catch
fire because they put a phrase to
something people have been trying to
explain for a while. And to me, vibe
coding is this idea of it's never been
easier to create prototypes. You can
just try out ideas and put it into chat
GPT and get a canvas and like see what
it looks like or open up cursor and ask
it to build an idea and that doesn't
necessarily mean that you have to ship
that code because there there is a long
tale of software engineering where it's
kind of like the iceberg iceberg memes
where it's like on the top it's vibe
coding and then you're like oh wait
there's actually a lot more to building
delivering complicated software like we
saw today with agent kit like there's a
lot that goes into building successful
reliable observable agents. So, I love
that it's kind of opening up the top of
the funnel and making software creation
accessible to more people. And then as
they go down, they realize, okay,
there's there's more complexity here.
And I think over time that just evolves
into this new world of software that
will probably look quite a bit different
than the past 5 years. Yeah. As a
writer, we use terms seat of the pancer
was somebody who would just sit down in
front of the typewriter and just go and
tell maybe find a story or if they're
famous horror author have to kill
everybody off halfway into it and then
come to an ending or you know planners
you know and I think that sometimes see
the pancing is a great way to explore
and find out new things go I never would
have tried that and did it and then when
you sit down and say no I know what I
want to do I'm going to go proceed this
way.
>> Uh this has been awesome. Thank you so
much for joining us Lee and people can
find you know cursor everywhere. It's
pretty awesome. highly recommend people
play with this and it's been just like I
said it's like my favorite thing to do
is just open up some tabs and just throw
some crazy thing in and see if I can
make it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Thank you.
>> Have a great dev day.
>> Yeah.
>> Thank you everybody for joining us.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.
[Laughter]
[Music]